♪ Someone once told me
the grass is much greener ♪
♪ On the other side ♪
♪ Well, I paid a visit ♪
♪ While it's possible
I missed it ♪
♪ It seemed different
yet exactly the same ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Till further notice ♪
♪ I'm in between ♪
♪ From where I'm standing ♪
♪ My grass is green ♪
♪ Someone once told me
the grass is much greener ♪
♪ On the other side. ♪
[Captioning sponsored by THE
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION
and NICKELODEON]
( kids talking... )
Let's settle down, people.
Settle down.
Today we're going to be
watching a picture
that wasn't nominated
for any awards.
( chuckles )
But it should have been.
The main character is
someone you can all relate to.
( beep )
( movie music playing )
Narrator: You...
and Your Pituitary Gland:
A Match Made In Heaven.
( all groan )
( chuckles )
Ooh, movies can be
very romantic
even in the context
of a classroom.
Maybe you should try to
sit next to Ian? Hmm?
And when this fine boy
was your age
he was a student in my class.
And now look!
One of the most recognized
natural-healing doctors
in the whole world.
Me and Hoodsey are
going to be, like
30 times that famous.
For what, Carl?
I'm hardly good
at anything.
Mrs. Gordon?
Have you ever
taught a student
whose adorable little
pet became famous?
Because sometimes
if your pet's
really, really
adorable and special
it can get famous.
Forget it, Brandon.
Your stupid monkey
isn't ever going to
be famous for anything.
Except being stupid.
You and Hoodsey are
already famous for that.
Put your monkey
where your mouth is.
I'll bet you
me and Hoodsey
are world-famous
by the end of this weekend.
Winner takes the monkey.
Carl! I've told you
a million times
there will be no low-stakes
gambling in my classroom.
Carl. Hoodsey.
Blake Gripling's
out sick.
I'll need you to
deliver his homework.
Both: Oh...
Narrator:
Who's the hardest working gland
with the most sex appeal?
Why, the pituitary, of course.
( movie music continues... )
Psst.
Huh?
( laughing... )
Watch as it secretes
and secretes...
Hey, kids.
The pituitary deserves
your silence and respect.
Sorry, Mr. Cilia.
We're really sorry.
Check out Ginger
and Brace-face.
They're practically
flirting!
You wish.
It certainly would
make things easier
for me and Ian.
Got History
on the south side
and need to hit
the infirmary en route.
Bye! Oh, don't forget
choir practice!
Wait for you
in the band room!
Hey, your mom
picking you up today?
Nuh-uh.
She's working,
I'm walking.
All right, cool.
Meet me at the bike rack.
I'll ride you.
I must say, Ginger.
You and your boyfriend
make a cute couple.
And "cute"
isn't a word
I'm generally
comfortable with.
Darren? My boyfriend?
( laughs )
Are you crazy?
We're, like, total pals.
He's my neighbor.
I mean,
I've known him forever.
"Friends first" is
the foolproof formula
for relationship success.
All the best couples
start out that way.
At least, that's what
Dr. Fondfeelings says.
I watch her infomercials.
There you have it.
And Dr. Fondfeelings
is never wrong.
Never?
Hoodsey:
It could happen.
And if we really are world
famous by the end of this
weekend, we win a monkey.
And we can make it do
all kinds of crummy things.
Wow. A NASA-quality
super-hi telescope!
Oh, I've always wanted
one of these.
The monkey could eat
our vegetables.
We could train it
to clean our rooms.
I mean the
possibilities are...
Infinite!
Hoodsey, we can use
this telescope
to discover something
really cool, like a comet.
Then we name it after ourselves
and poof!
We're world famous.
Blake's never going
to let us, you know.
He has to.
Otherwise, we hold
his homework ransom.
Cheerio, old bean.
I'd hoped to snag
a word with Master Blake.
Is he about?
( tearfully ):
Terribly sorry.
I'm afraid... ( sniffles )
he's not in.
He's fallen ill and remains
hospitalized at this very
moment.
( crying )
Is he okay?
I mean, what happened?
It's his blasted tonsils.
They've plagued him
e'er since he was a tiny tot.
( blows nose loudly )
Relax, Winston.
Tonsillectomy
is no biggie.
Carl's mom is a nurse.
He knows.
Truly?
Then I feel scads better.
Thanks so much.
Why don't the two
of you blokes pop by
and pay him a visit
at hospital?
He'll be there
a few more days.
Perfect!
Here, Winston.
Give Blake his
homework for us.
Why'd you give up
his homework, Carl?
Now we got nothing on him.
Hey...!
Hoodsey, with Blake
and his whole family
at the hospital
we don't need to
resort to blackmail.
We can simply borrow
his telescope for the weekend
then return it before
he ever knows it's gone.
That's a total violation
of the New Toy Code.
What "New Toy Code"?
And I quote,
"No decent human
"shall play with
another man's toy
"until the new toy
recipient
"has had the opportunity
to play with it himself.
Especially
without asking."
You wrote it,
circa second grade.
( scoffs )
It's totally archaic.
No, Carl,
it's totally fair
and I, for one,
intend to uphold it.
We have to get
Blake's consent,
and you know it.
( grumbles )
Grab my bag?
Your chariot, madame.
Not too fast, okay?
Okay.
So you're never
going to guess
what Miranda said
about us today.
It's really funny.
What did she say?
Ian? What are you
doing here?
Oh... whoa...
Whoa...
♪ La-la-la-la-la... ♪
Hey! You guys make
a really cute couple.
We do?
Miranda:
Over here.
Thanks for showing me
the way, Miranda.
( door slams )
( distorted music playing )
( groans )
You were dreaming,
Ginger.
What the...?
Nah...
Out!
You were twitching
and you drooled
on your notebook.
That's always
how people look
when they dream--
dogs, too.
So what was it about?
Carl:
Darn!
What are you looking
for, Space Freak?
I need
some stationery.
Nice stationery.
There can't be any gum
or crud on it.
Could you spare a slice?
What's it for?
Classified.
Then no. Get out.
Fine...
it's for a card.
A get-well card.
A dear friend is sick
and me and Hoodsey
care enough to send
the second best, okay?
( sighs )
Good-bye!
Much obliged,
Sis.
( grunts )
Close my door.
( door slams )
This is crazy.
Darren is practically like...
my brother.
Uh, mind taking
some dictation?
Your penmanship is
a lot better than...
Out!
Maybe not exactly
like my brother.
Hi. Emergency meeting
at Macie's house, okay?
A.S.A.P.
Macie:
You say you flew
inside the tooth?
Yeah. Kinda.
Well, Miranda sort of
held the tooth open
but then I flew in.
Oh, I see.
And where were the bicycle
handles at this point, please?
I... can't remember.
( chuckles )
Ginger, Ginger, Ginger.
You're fighting me.
You have to want to
do this work.
Now unless you're
ready to cooperate,
I really can't...
It says here:
"The details
of the dream
"aren't always
important.
"What's more telling
is the overall mood
of the dream."
Really?
Uh-huh.
So, after you flew
into Darren's tooth
how did you feel?
I felt... happy.
Happy?
Oh...! Ginger has the
total hots for Darren!
I always knew something
like this would happen.
I swear I did.
Dr. Fondfeelings says
all the most
successful couples
start out as friends first.
Dr. Fondfeelings.
Love to know where she studied.
( loud slurping... )
"Dear Blake..."
"Some don't know
what they got
until it's gone.
and me and Carl found
out a little too late."
Are you nuts?
It's from a song, Carl.
A really good song.
The kind of song
that makes certain
kids cry, okay?
Hoodsey, we're trying
to write a get-well card
not a love letter!
Ooh, a love letter.
Did you hear that, boys?
Retreat, Terrence!
( gulps )
Our visit with Blake
means everything, Hoods.
Without his telescope
we could get shown up
by a monkey, do you copy?
Oh, loud and clear,
Carl.
I don't want that
to happen any more
than you do. Honest.
I know you don't, Hoods.
Now let's try it again.
"Dear Blake..."
Do you think he's
going to sit with us?
I don't see why not.
He does every other day.
How does my hair look?
Orange, same as always.
Macie!
What is with you?
It's just that
once Ginger and Darren
become an item
nothing is ever going
to be the same.
That's not true.
If anything did happen
between me and Darren
us four would still be
tight as ever.
Right, Dodie?
Um...
Dodie?
Oh, you guys... come on.
Hey, where we going?
Uh... hello?
What's everyone
smiling about?
Uh, just discussing
how krauterrific
yesterday's
chili dogs were.
Okay...
Well, I've got
an even hotter
topic to discuss:
Harley James.
His new movie
is opening up
at the Flickaramaplex
this weekend.
It just so happens
that Will is working
at the 'plex.
And he can get us four
tickets to the matinee
no waiting in line
or anything.
All four of us, huh?
( giggles )
Sounds terrif.
"Terrif"?
You guys
are acting weird.
I'm going back
for more corn.
Save your seat, D., okay?
Why am I suddenly acting
like such a spaz?
Hey.
So, you ladies
into Harley James?
What? Oh, uh,
yeah, we are.
See you at the matinee
this weekend, right?
No doubt.
Matinees rock.
Yeah, I know. Okay, bye.
Did you see that?
Ginger practically
snubbed Ian Richton.
What do you want to bet
she's dwelling on Metal Man?
( laughs )
Foutley is so pliable.
And Ian Richton
will so belong to me.
But he invited
all three of us.
It's not even
an official date.
Still, if it was
an official date
and our presence
officially ruined it?
We could never
forgive ourselves.
Officially.
( sighs )
Seems like
just yesterday
we were a squadron
of sorts.
It  was just yesterday.
We should get going.
Don't get up,
we'll show ourselves out.
If you feel like calling
to tell me what happened
when it's all over
I'll be home.
Man!
Now, when you're done
visiting Blake
park yourselves
in the Nurses Lounge
and wait for me.
Affirmative, Momster.
And, uh, thanks.
Okay, page me
if you need me.
But not
unless you need me.
And no monkey business,
you two.
When we get in there
make sure you seem
really sorry for Blake.
If you can manage
to cry a little
it probably wouldn't be
a bad idea.
Okay, Carl...
but what if he
still says no?
We have an advantage
here, Hoodsey.
Blake can barely talk.
Remember that.
Hi, Darren...
Darren:
Hi.
Aah!
Hey, what's
with the skirt?
Oh... my pants
were all dirty.
Oh. Bummer.
So I guess you don't
want to ride bikes
to the theater, then.
Well, let's bolt.
We can catch
the bus or something.
Uh, where's
Dodie and Macie?
Oh, they couldn't make it.
It's just going to be us.
Hope you don't mind.
Why would I mind?
That is so sweet,
you big... sweetie.
Are you... feeling okay?
Blake? Can you hear me?
He looks so peaceful.
Let's not...
Here, let me put those
in water for you.
So very thoughtful of you.
Dreadfully sorry
Blake's napping.
I'll tell him you...
Come on, Blake!
Up and at 'em!
Hey! Hi there!
( groans )
There's our Blake!
Good morning, friend!
Hello there! Hi!
( hoarsely ):
Oh... Car...
Shh...
don't say anything.
You need your strength.
So they took out
your tonsils, huh?
Uh-huh...
You need to borrow a Mason jar?
You know, to keep them in?
Oh...
Blake?
You did keep them, didn't you?
Uh-uh...
So you mean
they're lying
in a pile of
trash somewhere?
Creepy.
Don't worry.
My mom works here.
I'll pull some strings.
See if we can get 'em
back for you.
That sure is
nice of you, Carl.
Why, it seems
like you would do
just about anything
for Blake.
Well, we should
probably get going.
You need your rest.
Bless you, son.
Oh, say, I almost forgot.
You don't suppose
Hoodsey and I could borrow
your new high-powered telescope
this weekend?
We have a big
science project due
and what with you
in the hospital and all...
( clearing throat )
No... no... no...
A million times no, I say!
Absolutely not!
( coughs, groans )
( grumbles )
Hoodsey:
Did you see
all that ice cream?
I mean, the kid can't even
use the stupid telescope.
It's just sitting around
in a box!
I really don't see
how a boy his size
could possibly eat
all that ice cream.
Oh, he's intolerable!
Come on, Carl,
let's go unwind
in the Nurses Lounge.
They probably have
a vending machine
and everything.
Carl:
Holy larynx!
People parts!
In jars!
( laughs )
Come on!
( crowd muttering )
Okay, let's
hear it.
Who's number one?
Who's the best brother?
You are, Will.
Who rules?
Who rocks the house
on a regular?
Both:
You do, Will.
You know, we're
going to miss previews.
( laughs )
I can't believe
he's your brother.
Neither can I.
Hey, check it out.
Two extras, since
Dodie and Macie bailed.
Lucky you.
Everyone else got sold out.
Want 'em?
You mean I can just...
have them?
Yeah. Me and Ginger
don't need four seats.
Good deal.
I know just
who to invite.
( laughs )
Since you got the tickets,
I'll get the refreshments.
I'm a modern woman,
Darren.
Can we get
a large corn?
Ginger, what do
you want to drink?
Pink lemonade.
One straw or two?
One!
Two!
Miranda:
Oh, Ginger?
If you're heading
into the theater
would you mind saving
me and Ian seats?
Then we could
all sit together.
It'll be fun--
kind of like a double date.
You mean you and Ian...?
Just  one straw please.
So this is where
all the extra body parts go.
It's the most magical
place in the world!
Carl?
You're not
going to believe
what I just found.
( audience talking... )
Just so you know?
When a movie's
really scary?
Sometimes if you...
hold hands with the person
you're sitting next to
██
it makes it less scary.
Says who?
( movie music begins )
You're leaving this
dreadful place tomorrow, sir.
And I, for one,
couldn't be happier.
Carl:
Oh, Blake?
No hard feelings
about the telescope, okay?
Hoodsey and I found
an excellent
consolation prize.
My, my...
Yup. Your tonsils.
And if you want to
discuss visitation rights
feel free
to give us a call.
When you get your voice back,
that is.
( both laughing )
My, my, my...
( yells )
Aah!
Sorry, baby.
Gotta roll.
Sorry, Darren.
( gasping )
She's a goner...
Sorry, Ian.
Vampires rock!
( all gasp )
This is getting
really scary.
( grunting )
Ha! Ha!
Not so fast... Harley.
This is the perfect time to...
( gasps )
Ginger! What exactly
do you think you're doing?
I don't know.
It must be my...
pituitary gland!
Ginger, wait!
What is going on
with you?
I'm sorry, I...
I guess we need to talk.
It's like this.
I had this really
confusing dream.
About you.
Are you serious?
Yeah.
And it kind of made me
wonder if...
maybe we were more
than just friends.
You mean...
Yeah.
You and me?
Right.
Boyfriend and...
Correct, Darren.
Yeah.
So that's why you were
acting so strange.
With the skirt and
the giggles and everything.
Boy, you're not making
this easy, are you?
Okay. Let me think.
See, to me, we're
definitely more than
"just friends."
We're, like,
best friends.
I don't know... you're
like family to me, Ginger.
I feel that way, too.
But people
keep insisting
that we make
this great couple.
( sighs )
People...
( laughing )
Oh, Darren...
Besides, the world
might actually stop spinning
if you gave up
on Ian Richton.
Now, wait, was it
my imagination
or were you holding
his hand in there?
( laughing )
( crickets chirping, owl hoots )
Better than a monkey?
No question.
( both laughing )
Hoodsey:
I'll say!
( laughter continues )
[Captioning sponsored by THE
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION
and NICKELODEON
Captioned by The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]
Hoodsey:
I really don't see
how a boy his size
could possibly eat
all that ice cream.